5/16:
Reviewed Pitot Probe Physics.
Made Preliminary list of Parts for initial Pitot Probe.
Researched differences in ADC resolution and precision, which
will be a limiting factor at low and high airspeeds.
Researched different pressure transducers that work with
an arduino, and operating ranges
Found some pitot probe kits.

5/17
Determined wiring diagrams for pressure sensor and adc to arduino board.
Downloaded some software libraries for ADC interface and
example code for Pressure transducer.

5/19
Refreshed some python knowledge
Learned ways to signal process with python
Refreshed on filter types, fourier transforms
Learned how to apply a butterworth filter to a signal in python

5/20
Made a real time frequency reader
Can take in time data and sensor data and output it in a linked list data structure that updates with time
Started on researching how to plot the graph faster

5/22
Assembled Pitot Probe and ADS on wiring diagram
Configured Arduino to read pressure readings using tutorial code
Configured anaconda to work with arduino and read serial data

5/23
Updated code to reject empty values
Integrated ADS1256 into system, made pitot readings more accurate.

5/24
Cut extra Pitot Tube to see how it is built
Implemented first version of a Fourier transform in data reader
Found a way to use a tone generator to make an oscillating airspeed to test transform against

5/25
Tried fixing fourier transform, not much success
Looked into smaller steel tubes on mcmastercarr

5/26
Implemented working version of a fourier transform
Implemented preliminary butterworth filter

5/30
Made a CAD model of the pitot probe.
Researched plastic tubing links for the second iteration probe.

6/1
Started designing pitot tube mount. Mostly finished but needs a mount shell to close the mount and fit the tube with.

6/2
Designed mount shell and updated assembly to include mount shell.
Updated mount to have dowel holes and cable hole for the pressure sensor wires to be routed through.

6/5
Researched threading methods for 3d printed holes. Heat set inserts seemed to be the best method.
Polished mount parts to be ready for 3D printing. Made tolerance estimates and saved finalized STL files.

6/6
Sent in 3D print of mount into AMS.
Fixed Fourier transform accuracy issue.

6/7
Corrected Butterworth filter in test.py
Implemented fourier transform and butterworth filter from test.py into data_reader.py
Added python linting style checker

6/8
Made some preliminary CAD for V1 Pitot Probe
Got info about pressure probe data collection from LTWT

6/9
Got 3D print of mock mount and tested tolerances for pressure transducer and pitot tube
Analyzed small tolerance mistake near the mount front
Started refined CAD for pitot tube shell, which converges towards the front (resembles jet nose)

6/12
Made a CAD of the new mount shell attached to a mounting plate setup
Discussed how to refine CAD model, ended up integrating the bottom part of the shell into the mounting plate and only needing to screw the top shell on

6/13
Sent pitot tube mount parts in to print
Began refining CAD of pitot tube V1

6/14
Finished first draft of CAD for pitot tube V1
Made design changes after discussion (corrected some oversights in design)

6/15
Looked for pressure transducers that could be used in future pitot probe iterations
Started an excel spreadsheet of pressure transducers and important design properties associated with the transducers

6/16
Continued research into buying pressure transducers
Ended up with two transducers that were set to be ordered

6/19
Got 3D print of pitot mount assembly.
Took day off, most buildings and facilities were closed


6/20
Took support material off 3D print and tapped threads into all screw holes on the 3D print.
Test fit pitot mount in LTWT. Looked good. Cap screw on bottom plate by mount shell stuck out a little but the connection was secure.

6/21
Tried to get labview working for laptop (LTWT PC had sign on issues).
Began revisting CAD of pitot tube V1.

6/22
Compiled parts list for pitot probe V1.
Designed a probe tip that can be 3D printed and epoxy glued to the rest of the pitot tube.

6/23
Tried to wind tunnel test the probe, was not able to do so (labview for computer was not working properly).
Unsuccessfully tried to diagnose the issue but stayed in touch with lab manager to continue diagnosing on monday.


6/26
Helped diagnose wind tunnel sign in issue with lab manager.
Read and annotated oxford probe research article.
Looked into manufacturing methods for smaller pitot probes.

6/27
Performed first wind tunnel test.
Recorded wind tunnel pitot tube data and data from pitot tube V0 at 0,30,60,100% wind tunnel power.
Re-structured some of the test files to account for a bug that caused the pitot tube to reset itself to zero windspeed on launch.

6/28
Read and annotated pitot millimeter scale pitot probe article
Compiled future research articles for probe development and calibration

6/29
Started analyzing probe data that was collected on tuesday. Pushed data to github, started working on code to process data from both files
